I was strong before

Was you strong before?

I was not strong before



We were glad yesterday

Were you glad yesterday?

We were not glad yesterday



My friend was busy ten days ago

Was your friend busy ten days ago?

My friend was not busy ten days ago



The doctor was famous before 

Was the doctor famous before?

The doctor was not famous before



She was a nanny before 

Was she a nanay before?

She was not a nanny before



The lawyer was a student ten years ago

Was the lawyer a student ten years ago?

The lawyer was not a student ten years ago



The policemans were soldiers in 1996

Were the policemans soldiers in 1996

The policemans were not soldiers in 1996



The boss was a designer three years ago

Was the boss a designer three years ago 

The boss was not a designer three years ago



They were workers last year

Were they workers last year?

They were not workers last year



These men were tailor before

Were these men were tailor before?

These men were not tailor before

------

I ran last week

Did you run last week?

I did not run last week



Those mothers chatted last night

Did those mothers chat last night?

Thoes mothers did not chat last night



The doctor lived in GuangZhou last year

Did the doctor live in GuangZhou last year?

The doctor did not live in GuangZhou last year



The students discussed the teacher yesterday

Did the students discuss the teacher yesterday?

The students did not discuss the teacher yesterday



The mailman drank the car last night 

Did the mailman drive the car last night?

The mailman did not drive the car last night



The worker earned money last week

Did the worker earn money last week?

The worker did not earn money last week



These students finished homework last night

Did these students finish homework last night?

These student did not finish homework last night



The father bought a house in 1996

Did the father buy a house in 1996

The father did not buy a house in 1996



Her husband baked beef last night

Did her husband baked beef last night?

Her husband did not baked beef last night



He liked this girl before

Did he like this girl before?

He did not like this girl before