I will be great in the future

Will you be great in the future?

I will not be great in the future



She will be happy next week

Will she be happy next week?

She won't be happy next week



The lawyer will be busy After 10:00

Will the lawyer be busy after 10:00?

The lawyer won't be busy after 10:00



He will be a docter in the future

Will he be a docter in the future?

He won't be a docter in the future



The manager will be her leader next month

Will the manager be her leader next month?

The manager won't be her leader next month



The nurse will be his wife tomorrow

Will the nurse be his wife tomorrow?

The nurse won't be his wife tomorrow



Those students will be engineers in the future

Will those students be engineers in the future

Those students won't be engineers in the future



This boy will be a designer in 2021

Will this boy be a designer in 2021?

This boy won't be a designer in 2021



My friend will be soldier next month 

Will my friend be soldier next month?

My friend won't be soldier next month



Her hushand will be a boss in the future

Will her hushand be a boss in the future?

Her husband won't be a boss in the future

------

I will buy a book tomorrow

Will you buy a book tomorrow?

I won't buy a book tomorrow



She will live in ShenZhen next week

Will she live in ShenZhen next week?

She won't live in ShenZhen next week



The girl will swim tomorrow

Will the girl swim tomorrow?

The girl won't swim tomorrow



It will run tomorrow

Will it run tomorrow?

It won't run tomorrow



He will earn money in the future

Will he earn money in the future?

He won't earn money in the future



My mother will call me after 20:00

Will your mother call you after 20:00?

My mother won't call me after 20:00



The policeman will drive the car tomorrow

Will the policeman drive the car tomorrow?

The policeman won't drive the car tomorrow



Her husband will bake beef after 22:00

Will her hushand will bake beef after 22:00?

Her husband won't bake beef after 22:00



This student will learn English in the future

Will this student learn Englist in the future?

This student won't learn English in the future



The nanny will eat the bananas tomorrow

Will the nanny eat the bananas tomorrow?

The nanny won't eat the bananas tomorrow



