I feel afraid in the morning

Do you feel afraid in the morning?

I don't feel afraid in the morning



She feels busy every day

Does she feel busy every day?

She doesn't feel busy every day



The lawyer felt famous before

Did the lawyer feel famous before?

The lawyer did not feel famous before



My friend will feel happy tomorrow

Will your friend feel happy tomorrow?

My friend will not feel happy tomorrow



The worker is feeling old 

Is the worker feeling old 

The worker is not feeling old

------

She looks beautiful in the morning

Does she look beautiful in the morning?

She doesn't look beautiful in the morning



The teacher looks great every day

Does the teacher look great every day?

The teacher doesn't look great every day



The doctor looked fine before

Did the doctor look fine before?

The doctor didn't look fine before



His mother will look good tomorrow

Will his mother look good womorrow?

His mother will not look good tomorrow



Jack is looking friendly

Is Jack looking friendly

Jack isn't looking friendly

------

I get free in the morning 

Do you get free in the morning?

I don't get free in the morning



The nurse gets thin

Does the nurse get thin?

The nurse doesn't get thin



Her husband got poor before 

Did her husband get poor before?

Her husband didn't get poor before



The engineer will get rich in the future

Will the engineer get rich in the future?

The engineer won't get rich in the future



Those students are getting lazy 

Are those students getting lazy

Those students are not getting lazy